Improve technical documentation (#4308)
xournalpp/xournalpp: readme/WindowsBuild.md

# Windows Build

![Screenshot](./main-win.png?raw=true "Xournal++ Screenshot on Win10")

> ### Install Dependencies

Reviewer: Any reason why this is level 3 instead of level 2?

Author: Nope - nice catch

Xournall requires the following software to build:

1. Install [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org/) to a short path without spaces.
2. Install [NSIS](https://nsis.sourceforge.io/Download) to the standard directory.
3. Start Mingw-w64 64bit. (Always check if it says **MINGW64** - not 32bit and not MSYS2)

> This will open a console. The following steps happen in this console:

Reviewer: Not sure this is an improvement; I would make this sentence more explicit:
```suggestion
This will open the MINGW64 console. All remaining steps in this document happen in the console.
```

### Update MSYS2

> Do this multiple times, close the Terminal after each update

Reviewer: This step needs to happen in the MSYS2 console and not the MINGW64 console. Could you add a clarification to the following effect?
```suggestion
Open a MSYS2 console (**not** the MINGW64 console -- close them if you have any open) and run the following command twice. Reopen the MSYS2 console each time you run the command.
```

Author: Sounds good :+1: 

Also any reason why the MSYS2 console has to be closed and reopened? I didn't do that and things appeared to work just fine for me - I don't use MSYS2 often

Reviewer: The reason why we want to use the MSYS2 console instead of MINGW64 is that [the MINGW64 console sets environment variables (e.g., `PATH`, etc.) that may potentially break postinst scripts that get run by pacman](https://sourceforge.net/p/msys2/discussion/general/thread/dcf8f4d3/#5d86). I imagine this is not a problem for most packages, but it's better to be safe than sorry here.

> Also any reason why the MSYS2 console has to be closed and reopened

You're right, I don't think it always needs to be reopened--only if MSYS2 decides to upgrade itself and prompts the user to restart the console.

```sh
pacman -Syuu
```

### Install Git

```sh

> pacman -S git

Reviewer: I think the git installation command here can be folded in the section below.
